
<!--
**cacrowley/Cacrowley** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository 

Here are some ideas to get you started:


Hello my name is Amanda Crowley,  I am the founder of the newest BOC out of South Carolina. I would like to say a little about myself. I am a   newcomer of the developing process of the blockchain. I will say it struck my interest and did not realize it would end where it did. With the help and accepttance of the blockchain community. I adhere the  opportunity and accept the responsibility and challenges I will endure moving forward. I strongly believe that this would be a huge benefit to the blockchain community as in many different factors, location being one. 

I believe this blockchains location can bring education, jobs, etc to a more needed rural area. An area where development is much needed to strengthen,  manufacturing jobs, education communication, chains, stronger nodes, etc. Just to be blunt about the situation as a founder, owner I cannot proceed and move forward without the support and help from the community and of course the GitHub"s amazing developers.  

Technology has always intrigued me in many ways. Speaking for myself and probably many others you never really realize what goes on behind the scenes that makes things operable. I started this interest when technology started ramping up few years back and from my location . We could not get landline internet. All we could receive at the time with satellite and it was on a data cap. I am a 14-year CNC Grind Specialist / Technical Support in carbide cutting inserts @Sandvik Cormant,  a lead  manufacturer out of Westminster South Carolina. A company  highly rated and recognized for their  for  updated technologies and growth stabilities Nationwide.

 Regretfully I had to take an early retirement and needed a job working from home, so my move next was to find something in which I had experience and interest.I could do out of the comfort of my home,  so I tried going to school for cyber security in which  didn't work at the moment because I didn't have the stability of landline internet and could not get a good connection elsewhere. 5 g was in it's first stages and satellite, cable, and broadband (hotspots) where my only options and they all came with a data cap and cost. At the time to stream one movie would take your month's data and then you would be left with slow inconsistent connectivity, download/ upload times vary and streaming multiple devices was nearly  impossible. Reduced services from your ISP data cap came at a major cost. 5G was in the works and any customer service, telecommunication,  or basically work from home position required ethernet connectivity. It was at that point when I really took huge interest in the growth of network technology. Also about the same time after Covid hit and all of our students, teachers,  etc had no way of communicating and educating became a real issue. That's when 5G hit big  demands across the nation with mobile ISP companies and their introduction of  5G  networking. 

Bringing me to conclusion, Kids are our Future! The education, experience, and knowledge I gained from being the founder and a part of the blockchain community is something our kids need for the future. Spreading and sharing the can only make us all grow, 🪴 in a Nodes world and in our world. If I can be apart of that, challenge excepted!
